This contains ALL of the illumos repositories and related projects. It is
essentially read-only and not intended for building and/or compilation. It is
to be used to analysis of commit activity and so forth.

This is a framework for downloading illumos-related repositories from git-hub,
and doing data analysis on the commit-logs of those repositories. There is a
surprising amount of information in those logs.

To use for first time:


cd tools
./get_repos.ksh
# This generates elaborate git-logs in JSON format in the ../data directory
# You'll figure it out.
./commit_jlogs.ksh


To update the repos:

cd tools
./pull_repos.ksh
./commit_jlogs.ksh

To get some stats:

cd tools
Rscript old_vs_new_guard.R ../data/commit_logs/kernels/illumos-gate > OUTPUT_FILE

Or any other R-script in tools, besided common.R (which does nothing).

The scripts aren't very helpful yet, as they're not documented. The idea is to
document all the functions in common.R, so that one can make their own scripts.
My profuse apologies for the lack of documentation or adequate guidance. I will
improve the situation as soon as possible.

If something doesn't work, please open an issue on github, or email me at
zivkovic.nick@gmail.com

If you are the owner of an Illumos-related repo, please send me an email or
open an issue to have your project's repo included in the data. Illumos-related
repos are anything. Even userland code that depends on or leverages
Illumos-specific facilities (for example the DTraceToolkit or even Joyent's
Manta). The more data the better.

Future work may include fetching the mailing list data for every
illumos-related mailing-list and doing some kind of (as of yet unknown)
analysis on this data. For example, I want to see if there is a correlation
between commit-activity and email-activity. Also, I suspect, but would like to
verify/falsify that the most political and opinionated mailing-list posts are
more likely to be written by people that have zero or close to zero commits in
the kernel repos (and other related repos perhaps).

Special thanks to Mike Dimitropoulos (sdimitro on github) for suggesting this
side-project which was a breath of fresh air, from the more sophisticated stuff
I work on.
